Add instructions for WIFI&power icons + heart rate monitor + data upl… (#35)
alitsaberi/slumber: configs/instructions/post_sleep.md

> - When the session ends, the laptop will automatically shut down. 
> 
> - After you click the "End Session" button, the system may take a few minutes to **upload the data**. During this time, you'll see a cloud-shaped loading animation. Please wait until the data upload is complete and the computer shuts down automatically. **Do not** turn off the computer manually before the upload finishes.

Reviewer: At this stage, there is no `End Session` button. This should be combined with the previous line.
```suggestion
- When the session ends, the system will **upload the data**, which might take a few minutes. While it's uploading, you’ll see a cloud-shaped loading animation. Please wait until the upload is done and the computer shuts down by itself. Do not turn off the computer manually before that.
```
